docs(tcp): add documentation for k6/x/tcp extension and its API methods (#2233)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/next/javascript-api/k6-x-tcp/socket/_index.md

## Constructor

<!-- md-k6:skipall -->

```javascript
new Socket(options)
```

Creates a new TCP socket in the `disconnected` state. Use `connect()` to establish a connection.

### Parameters

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| :-------- | :--- | :---------- |
| options | object | Optional socket configuration |
| options.tags | object | Custom tags for metrics (key-value pairs). Applied to all metrics generated by this socket |

## Properties

| Property | Type | Description |
| :------- | :--- | :---------- |
| ready_state | SocketState | Current connection state: `'disconnected'`, `'opening'`, `'open'`, or `'destroyed'` |
| connected | boolean | Read-only. `true` when `ready_state` is `'open'` |
| local_ip | string \| undefined | Local IP address. Only available after the socket connects |
| local_port | number \| undefined | Local port number. Only available after the socket connects |
| remote_ip | string \| undefined | Remote IP address. Only available after the socket connects |
| remote_port | number \| undefined | Remote port number. Only available after the socket connects |
| bytes_written | number | Total bytes sent through this socket |

> | bytes_read | number | Total bytes received through this socket |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ready_state` | `SocketState` | Current connection state: `'disconnected'`, `'opening'`, `'open'`, or `'destroyed'` |
| `connected` | boolean | Read-only. `true` when `ready_state` is `'open'` |
| `local_ip` | string | undefined | Local IP address. Only available after the socket connects |
| `local_port` | number | undefined | Local port number. Only available after the socket connects |
| `remote_ip` | string | undefined | Remote IP address. Only available after the socket connects |
| `remote_port` | number | undefined | Remote port number. Only available after the socket connects |
| `bytes_written` | number | Total bytes sent through this socket |
| `bytes_read` | number | Total bytes received through this socket |
```

## Events

> Register handlers for these events using `socket.on()`. Only one listener per event is supported; registering a second listener for the same event replaces the first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register handlers for these events using `socket.on()`. The socket supports only one listener per event. Registering a second listener replaces the first.
```
